SuperCENT README
================
Junhui Cai, Dan Yang, Wu Zhu, Haipeng Shen, Linda Zhao

This file is produced by `SuperCENT_README.Rmd` and includes description
of the replication materials for “Network Regression and Supervised
Centrality Estimation”. All related materials are hosted in a [GitHub
repository](https://github.com/cccfran/SuperCENT-paper).

# Folder structure

The folder structure is as follows.

-   **code**: contains code to reproduce the results for simulations and
    case study. The two main files are:

    -   `SuperCENT_case_study_trade_premium.Rmd`: it contains
        descriptions and codes for the case study. The corresponding
        report `SuperCENT_case_study_trade_premium.pdf` is generated by
        `SuperCENT_case_study_trade_premium.Rmd` using RMarkdown.
    -   `SuperCENT_empirical_network.Rmd`: it contains descriptions and
        codes to reproduce the plots for the four empirical
        networks: (A) global trade network, (B) innovation network, (C)
        production network, and (D) equity network. The corresponding
        report `SuperCENT_empirical_network.pdf` is generated by
        `SuperCENT_empirical_network.Rmd` using RMarkdown.
    -   `SuperCENT_simulation.Rmd`: it contains descriptions and codes
        for the simulation results. The corresponding report
        `SuperCENT_simulation.pdf` is generated by
        `SuperCENT_simulation.Rmd` using RMarkdown.
    -   Details instructions are within the files.

-   **data\_empirical\_network**:

    -   `trade_data_sub.csv`: Trade network
    -   `naics3_uspc_naics3_W_matrix.csv`: Innovation network
    -   `IO_naics3_1997_2018_naics07.xlsx`: Production network
    -   `equity_network_svd.csv`: Equity network is proprietary data but
        we provide the top 50 singular values

-   **data\_trade\_premium**:

    -   `FX.csv`: risk premium constructed based on Richmond, R. J.
        (2019). “Trade network centrality and currency risk premia.”
        *The Journal of Finance*, 74(3), 1315-1361. See instructions
        [here](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/action/downloadSupplement?doi=10.1111%2Fjofi.12755&file=jofi12755-sup-0001-ReplicationCode.zip).
    -   `real_gdp_long.csv`: GDP data generated using
        `construct_gdp_data.R`.
    -   `trade_data_sub.csv`: bilateral trade data generated by
        `construct_trade_data.R`.

-   **output\_simulation**: contains the simulation results. Please
    download from
    [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/8ui7tjtss8teo1x/AACWy8Cf3gALONjCZsoQggUwa?dl=0).

-   **output\_trade\_premium**: contains the results for the case study.

# Installation instructions

In order to replicate the results, one needs to use R and install all
the relevant packages.

## `SuperCENT` package

Install our `SuperCENT` package on github as follows.

``` r
if(!require("devtools")) install.packages("devtools")
if(!require("SuperCENT")) devtools::install_github("cccfran/SuperCENT")
```

## Other packages

We use `pacman` package to manage packages. Run the following chunk to
install all the packages needed.

``` r
if (!require("pacman")) install.packages("pacman")
pacman::p_load(data.table, matrixStats, dplyr, ggplot2, igraph,
               latex2exp, tidyverse,
               irlba, xtable, stargazer, circlize, kableExtra,
               ggpubr, grid, gridExtra, gtable, facetscales)
```

# Tables and figures

The following table lists all the tables and figures of the simulations
and case study.

-   Figure 1
    -   Code SuperCENT\_simulation.Rmd
    -   Output
        output\_simulation/plot/1745349\_epsy-2\_small\_exmaple.pdf
-   Figures 2-9, S3-S22
    -   Code SuperCENT\_simulation.Rmd
    -   Output output\_simulation/plot/
-   Figures 10-12
    -   Code SuperCENT\_case\_study\_trade\_premium.Rmd
    -   Output output\_trade\_premium/plot
-   Figure S12
    -   Code SuperCENT\_empirical\_network.Rmd
-   Table II
    -   Code SuperCENT\_case\_study\_trade\_premium.Rmd
    -   Output output\_trade\_premium/10\_year\_return\_gap5.tex
-   Table III
    -   Code SuperCENT\_case\_study\_trade\_premium.Rmd
    -   Output
        output\_trade\_premium/trade\_premium\_2008\_gap10\_miter1000.tex

# Reference

Richmond, R. J. (2019). “Trade network centrality and currency risk
premia.” *The Journal of Finance*, 74(3), 1315-1361.
